Things the squad struggled with:
    - variable Naming Conventions.
        Make your variables as long and descriptive as possible.
        Say what the element, variable, or function does,
        avoid using abbreviations
    - strings to Numbers.
        use the debugger to track the data type!
        using the correct order of operations with your functions and 
            algebra should get you in the write spot.  Think what data 
            type you are using and what you expect to output as you write
            your functions
        you can use Number() to change it
        or the parseInt()/float() to change it


    - Forms.
        -don't use the forms for now!  they are tricky and their own animal.  THey redirect you to another page.
    - Ancestors/ DOM traversal.
        What element are you starting in?
        where do you want to go?
        think about the family tree like it is a map!
        then plan your route.
            you can use .closest('element type, id or class')
            CHECK THE API YOU STUPID NUUUUUB!!!
                https://api.jquery.com/category/traversing/
    - getting monthly total to the DOM.
        ez
    - remove salary update (stretch).
        ez
    - adding in currency formating.
        Google .toLocaleString() and then do that stuff
        i guess its like super easy.  do it at the end of your math though it will goof you big time
        or something idk it didn't work when our instructor did it!!!!
    - order of things in function.
        it depends on what your DOING!!! you hae to logically understand what needs to be Done
        to get to the next step.  There is no all encompassing formula. Thats what makes it hard.
    - best practices for googling things.
        make sure that you are using specific parameters.  Ex.  search for how to do a thing in Jquery not just how to do a thing.
        check your search responses and make sure that they are current.  Use the past year search function on GOOGLE.
        see the vids on week 3!

    How did you start your project?
        Usually you will start in an HTML Document. Take very small steps and check your work as you go.  
        Then you gotta source your files and make sure that you have your frameworks sourced as well.
        Double check to make sure that all of your sourced files are sourced in the proper order.
        Start your $Document.ready(readyNow);
        then start writing your function readyNow().

our page needs, and get them into HTML first.  Things like inputs, buttons, tables, headers, etc.
Add them one at a time and refresh your page after each so that you are sure things are going according to plan.
ALWAYS REFRESH!!! Your not a super computer, you will miss a character eventually, and refreshing often will
show you exactly where that is.

Where will your page or app beh dynamic?  identify that area and then create functions related to them.
create onclick, onhover, deletehandler.  set them up one at a time, and attach those event listeners to 
a simple function with only a console log so that you can test that those interactions interactions

If you have html elements that will be added by added by JS functions, go ahead and make em in the html!
that way you can be sure that they look the way you want and you code is accurate.  You can comment them out
and cut and paste them into your script later.
if you appending variables into your html elements test adding them one at a time!!
make sure that you give your HTML elements good ids or classes as you go so that you don't 
accidentally confuse your scripts later on!

Take some time to think about what it is your functions will actually be doing, write them in one at a time,
and one line at a time.  testing as you go.  

